[Workers] platform workers sites revision (#2807)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/platform/sites/configuration.md

  - Auto-fills `wrangler.toml` with `entry-point` (defaults to `workers-site`) and `bucket` (defaults to `public`).

- `wrangler init proj --site`

>   - Creates a `wrangler.toml` file and `workers-site` folder. You will need to add a value for `bucket` based on the local path of the folder you would like to serve.

Author: @lukeed

>   - Creates a `wrangler.toml` file and `workers-site` folder. You will need to add a value for `bucket` based on the local path of the folder you would like to serve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Creates a `wrangler.toml` file and `workers-site` folder. In the `site` configuration key in the generated `wrangler.toml` file, you will need to update the `bucket` key with the relative path to the folder containing your static site assets. For example, if your website lives within the `public` directory of your project, then you should use the `bucket = "./public"` pairing.
```

>   - Creates a `wrangler.toml` file and `workers-site` folder. In the `site` configuration key in the generated `wrangler.toml` file, you will need to update the `bucket` key with the relative path to the folder containing your static site assets. For example, if your website lives within the `public` directory of your project, then you should use the `bucket = "./public"` pairing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Creates a `wrangler.toml` file and a `workers-site` directory. In the `site` configuration key in the generated `wrangler.toml` file, you will need to update the `bucket` key with the relative path to the folder containing your static site assets. For example, if your website lives within the `public` directory of your project, then you should use the `bucket = "./public"` pairing.
```
for consistency

</Definitions>

To learn more about the optional `include` and `exclude` fields, refer to [Ignoring subsets of static assets](#ignoring-subsets-of-static-assets).

<Aside type="note">

> If your project uses [environments](/platform/environments), make sure to place `site` at the top level configuration.

Author: @lukeed

> If your project uses [environments](/platform/environments), make sure to place `site` at the top level configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project uses [environments](/platform/environments), make sure to place `site` above any environment-specific configuration blocks.
```

## Storage limits

> For exceptionally large pages, Workers Sites might not work for you. There is a 25 MB limit per page or file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case of exceptionally large pages, Workers Sites might not work for you. There is a 25 MB limit per page or file.
```
to avoid repeating `for`

## Storage limits

For exceptionally large pages, Workers Sites might not work for you. There is a 25 MB limit per page or file.

## Ignoring subsets of static assets

> Workers Sites require [Wrangler](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler) - make sure to use the [latest version](/cli-wrangler/install-update#update).

Author: @lukeed

Reviewer: https://c.tenor.com/Y4fiWOnDcOQAAAAC/beetlejuice-halloween.gif
